I injured my back last year so bad I
couldn't even extend my back at all on a
good day it looked like this so it's
actually crazy how much I progressed so
how would I do it well instead of
resting and waiting for my body to heal
magic as soon as it was tolerable I
started moving my back every single
direction that I could think of mind you
tolerable does not mean pain-free it
just means tolerable the movements
included flexion and extension
lateral flexion both ways and the
scariest one for me twisting all of them
had no weight and I did them for 50 plus
reps but I didn't just stop there
because when those movements were
tolerable I started using gravity as
resistance to add weight to my flexion
extension matter reflection and twisting
you gotta get creative because all of
these can be made harder or easier
depending on your tolerance right now
now my back is more capable than it's
ever been before stay Flexi